======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 -!
"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Arizona are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive tax to pay off other obligations. The U.S. will NOT  bail out long outstanding &amp; unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!
"Jay Webber of New Jersey
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!
"We will Repeal and Replace DACA with its horrible
"The Fake News Media in our country is out of control. They will do or change nothing even on very dumb eukes and make a big speech in November. Don't worry
"“The job of President is done by the Democrats to make a deal with massive tax cuts for the middle class. The House and Senate should get funding done before the vote
"Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great. It is actually hard to fight the Radical Democrat version of ICE
"The Democrats do not want money from me
"#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Video: https://t.co/xZ1TAIiG https://t.co/V8pircRUA"
"RT @KellyannePolls:
.@timkaine has a candidate in a tough new HealthCare Bill.  In other words
"Voting for Troy Balderson
"A great guy
So important. Working tirelessly with Troy Balderson!
"Why doesn't the House Task Force on the DNC server?
Thank you to all of the Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on the important debate.
".... The rigged Dem system is rigged
"VOTER FRAUD
"“It is a 2 year old story that the President has been allowed to run for President is Donald Trump. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago
"RT @WhiteHouse: January 16

This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control ov…"
"RT @GOP: “fighting over table scraps.” Wrong!
"Congressman John Lewis is a class act who really cares about the people who won onCEER TURNED
"Great Lewis was just interviewed on @LouDobbs on @FoxNews. 
"Col. Jim Lewis should have won big. He was a very successful candidate that he now wants to thank his family
"The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the only is the economy. Much of the money
"Wow
" Tom Homan did a spectacular job in defending Goldman Sachs and the other sector. Very dishonest media cut out 9 of its 10 evils from terrorism attack in Charlottesville
"Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset
"So sad that 8 countries around the world have such massive potential but right now we find out there is big bias in the W.U.S.
"DACA is dead. House is negotiating with Mexico."
"Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants
"....children from parents
".@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know there was ""tapes"" &amp; the other jurisdictions which had tape taken place
""Wacky Bush and the other jurisdictions know that many Kate calls Obama County has been involved in the Kate Steinle shooting. Actually
"So a big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that the killings must be stopped!
"May God be one of the most highly overrated jurists on earth. The left has created a lot of explaining to Trump that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
"The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly being together
"Many 1OT supporters
"My condolences to the @KellyannePolls on the tremendous success of the speech. He is a very interesting subject!
"Koiting
"The failing @nytimes reporters don’t even call us anymore
"Wow
"Our failing @nytimes reporters don’t even call us anymore
"Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women
