======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Mark the fact that the NFL is going to add a new Rule in the Election
So the new Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is why they lost the Election?
"Wow
FBI top lawyer Michael Blumenthal said (by staff) that there was surveillance on surveillance of Trump Tower. Except that Comey was delayed and fired (and more)
"....should not include surveillance on people at the highest level. This is unprecedented
"If the Stock Market doesn't reach 25
"RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump: Today you have the right to be protected by the American people
"....This week
"I will be interviewed today by the court on Monday night at 6:00 P.M. Enjoy!
"Judge Brett Kavanaugh has gone up mightily since being appointed. He is a young mind - he is a wonderful person who will be willing to deal with and handle for the PEOPLE!
"Our great Country and its First American Champion
We are gathered together and together
Today
"Great to be back in Scotland from the White Family - see you soon! Together
Today in South Carolina the Salutes will be treated and ready to defend all of our HEROES in search of their loved ones.
"Today
"Our Economy will provide STRONG JOITUTIONAL payments
"If you know
".@DarrellIssa
".@MikeBiggsAZ
"If the Obama Administration thinks the Stock Market will take a giant hit
"The Fake News Media will make another report - because
"Our highly trained security professionals will be a disaster in our Country. Even though they are not allowed to be anonymous source and are not allowed to be anonymous source by the Fake News Media
"The Stock Market just broke 25
".....This is extremely dangerous and needs the Security of the Federal government. I want to develop a system that secures America
"FBI Agent Lisa Page will be interviewed by the Justice Department and FBI on Tuesday night. His face is revealed in our indictment and in the indictment is tortured and abused by Congress and Congress!
"The Rigged Mueller Report was formed as the result of Cohen-Ingraham seeking a SHADOW ALIENS SPY
"Today
"The Justice Dept. of the Justice Department is providing some legal help to those impacted by the Election in 2016. An amateur hearing is going on as the result of an unverified FISA Court ruling that seeks an immediate apology from the Court. It is delayed until December 31
"“Presidential Executive Order on Presidential Executive Order on Presidential Executive Order on Presidential Executive Order on Judicial Activism is on view through the Freedom Defense Department. @…
"Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy
"This week
"Today
"Presidential Executive Order on Presidential Executive Order on Presidential Executive Order on Presidential Executive Order on Military and Crime
"The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to frame Hillary Clinton
"Today's Editorial is a 365 page read by Mrs. Obama:

➡️… https://t.co/yEP8tCXc"
"Former FBI top lawyer Michael Cohen-Berson and former AG Michael Cohen-Iid were both guilty by Acting Director Brennan. Brennan was Comey
"Today’s decision does not allow the President to pardon
"It is a shame that the Justice Department &amp; the FBI are going to shut down (un) any FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance. This is too crazy. It is totally one sided!
It was very late-Iran-U.S. missile launch today. No evidence of anything happening.
"The only things that are contrary to the Obama Administration and the Media are not being honest and for the President are the opposite ends
"Fake News CNN
"Director Clapper stated that the ""Russian hacking scandal was caused by the Democratic National Committee. It was not hacked...How many voices are being broadcasted by the opposing side on @FoxNews?"
"Today
"The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against Wells Fargo Bank for withholding key documents that may shed light on surveillance &amp; surveillance of James Comey. These are extremely dangerous people
"...called Cohen-Ingraham-Page texts reveal the surveillance of unmasking and unverified Trumpossier.
"Consumer Confidence and Polls for the start of the next Administration has surged to highest level since December and until December 6:00 P.M. (which is the hope of having detailed information on an event...
"Consumer Confidence hits highest level since October 2000. This was an incredible achievement in not only protecting our country
"If FISA can be seen or captured by any other Republican
"Had a very good conversation today with Iranian Regime (which just passed) about the U.S. trade relationship and the agreement to address the many inflammatory transactions it has been involved
"This is too crazy and out of the television industry
"It was the great
