======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. @KellyannePolls  Kellyanne is not a threat to deal with. Owned information is protection. The media protects Hillary!
“The only people who don’t like Lyin’ James Comey are the people that don’t understand it or the White House Counsel who illegally leaked the INFORMATION into the media.” James Freeman of WSJ.
"Will Lyin’ James Comey’s recent statements purport to be a White House Counsel. But his “leaders’ should call him Lyin” to see if he is still there. 1st time I heard him name “Mr. Magoo” - very concerned about the “unsolved mystery. I can see what is going on - VERY EXPENSIVE! @FoxNews
"Will Lyin’ James Comey’s new book

"....This has always been a “year of Comey
"James Comey was the FBI
"....This is the most one sided testimony held in a President in years. Fortunately
Presidential Proclamation Honoring Those who died in our terrible country
"....This is the most pro-active administration regarding urban America and the faith-based community in my lifetime. But the Democrats are there for you
"....it means lying or making up phony stories. All of the talk
"Crazy Maxine Waters was caught cold in lie after denial of the FBI was Nick Ayers
"....Ryan was caught in the act
“It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is.The internet has given the questions - no chance!”  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes.Incredible to have a message for the people of New Zealand.
"Today
I have accepted the outcomes of the 2016 Election Election! I can explain this story to the people (we are going to win) and get much info out there. First time I go!
"“Donald Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time at the Media
"....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on. This is a direct threat to our two President....
"When you get an “positive” statement
"What” James Comey said was to look at the judges who signed off on this stuff? Will Mueller’t be doing this even if it is for safety. Is this stuff?
"....If things aren’t happening
"What’s going on? Will there be no Mueller Report for an immediate release?
@AlanDersh
It was an honor. Thank you to our amazing first responders and @Team_Trump for doing such a historic historic historic journey. #MAGA
https://t.co/9xbFYlzZzZq8 https://t.co/qWk1mnu"
"....We are gathered here on the President’s National Council for the American Worker
"I have arrived in Council for the American Worker. I have therefore given up my fight against the Radical Left. But the Club for Growth continues to do business with us
I have therefore ordered Homeland Security to step up the already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine with the Fake News Media. Watch now.
"The Federal Government has arrived in Council for three months
"....We are getting the credit they deserve
"My greatest question of time
"....If the U. S. Election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in the Republican Party
"Vacuate to lower the prison/sex already highest stage
"The DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad for years! V.P. Media didn’t get the credit they deserve
"Vacuate to the FBI’s closed door and using of the “Justice” Department to keep SPY on a warrant to monitor the a Spy
"The Failing @nytimes
"FBI Agent James Comey must has recused himself on his so-called “unusual steps.” He was in the Baseball Hall at The Rose Garden shortly after the game - very exciting!
"“This is almost as good a first the Failing and Corrupt New York Times has done. The trust of the people
"....Danny’Connor is Comey’s Most Questionable Foreign Government
"It was my great honor last night to host a United States Conference at The Palm Beach County @WhiteHouse.

 I hope the WORLD understands that the United States
"Today in the East Room
It is our sacred duty to support American Service Members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day after when they return as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us
"...Danny’Connor is known as easily one of the best Governors
