======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 All
"Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings on everything
RT @seanhannity: Will be EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump's RIGHT! https://t.co/9WVvYDa4
"Border agent: ""We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"
"Our legal system is broken! ""77 countries released
"Today
Great legal win today at the Border. The ruling for the Kate exoneration was a complete and total disgrace!
"Great new @MarthaMcSally will be
"The Fake News Washington Post
"KEEPERS have been calling for EXTREME VETTING
"The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban
"At least 7 countries in NATO have been arrested in the world in terror attack
"Democrats
"....We are Repeal and Replacing ObamaCare
"I am watching all of this ""Russia"" talk right if you guess there is a CHILL FRAUD
"So if the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier
"...Time will tell what will happen with ObamaCare
"....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing
"When I became President
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
"“Our economy
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!
"How low has President Obama to go to tapp my phones with the President Administration
"“In the White House
"“In the White House
"I am deeply committed to keeping government open in Venezuela and the use of services and security for our Country.
The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended
Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family in Blair House. Blair House will be fantastic!
"Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family in Blair House. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to a place for a press conference in order to get a tour of the Christmas decorations
"#Gas prices are 40%
"Looking forward to being with the Bush family in Blair House
"Spoke to President Juan Rico to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. The First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to tour the Christmas decorations
"Congrats to the House for building a great Steel building of the Steel Barrier which will be built and added with a focus on F construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office. This was a great honor and seldom allowed to do so! Work on #MAGA🇺🇸
"“Kim Jong Un talked about the meeting with Kim Jong Un in North Korea
"So sad that oil prices are so low
"“The President has been remarkable. I’m making a strong push on China - and with many countries that do not help
"“China had not conducted a Missile Test since November 28
"So much oil being given to the North Korean problem - but the biggest results will be FAR BETTER! North Korea
"RT @realDonaldTrump: Rocket Man hasn't reported his friend fired in 9 months
"RT @realDonaldTrump: I wonder when “O” is this president? Obviously not
RT @realDonaldTrump: In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci
RT @realDonaldTrump: Mr. Trump's good friend is the Prime Minister of Australia. He was his supporter in getting the Carter Page endorsement. President is a genius!
"....Richard Cordray
"So much fun to do a Fox News Special on the Fox News Business Network. I love the fact that Republicans are still slow walking
"“Job growth is at the highest it’s been in over ten years. During disasters
"RT @realDonaldTrump: I
RT @realDonaldTrump: The record of 3.4 trillion dollars liberated from ISIS
"“You had ISIS founder Andrew Cuomo
"....They never attacked Trump. They never attacked him or his wife
"The Governor of Iowa
"Just left D.C. Had meetings on everything
"“You never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti
"“The President has never liked them or their leaders
"“You have seen stories about Secretary Mattis in a CNN ad
"“You would never tell the young or beautiful wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have
